[move 2024] Migrated other examples. Fixed docs.sui.io tutorial (#17091)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/first-app/debug.mdx

Test result: OK. Total tests: 2; passed: 2; failed: 0
```

> In the output we can see the value of the `swords_created` field of the `Forge` change after the increment. The stack trace shows the bytecode instructions that have been executed so far, and the next few instructions to be executed. (**Note**: the specific bytecode instructions the values of the locals may vary depending on the version of the Sui toolchain.)

Author: ```suggestion
The output shows the value of the `swords_created` field of the `Forge` change after the increment. The stack trace shows the bytecode instructions that have been executed so far, and the next few instructions to execute. 

:::info

The specific bytecode offsets and the indices of the local variables might vary depending on the version of the Sui toolchain.

:::
```

> In the output we can see the value of the `swords_created` field of the `Forge` change after the increment. The stack trace shows the bytecode instructions that have been executed so far, and the next few instructions to be executed. (**Note**: the specific bytecode instructions the values of the locals may vary depending on the version of the Sui toolchain.)

Author: Maybe this?
